---
layout: post
title: "The Itch"
date: 2016-04-18
---

This is an addendum to Flashback. It was originally included, but due to the gravity of the event, I had to separate it to flesh it out.


A year ago, I had dinner with a few friends. There were only 4-5 people present, but only one stands out in my mind from that evening. Here's why:

She was fairly new to the group - a new neighbor of one of my friends. We were all having dinner over at my place and we started talking. She was in the tech industry, working at an SEO firm less than a block away from where I worked. I leaned the conversation toward what she did, sales is a boring subject. I had no idea what SEO was and she spent a good amount of time explaining the concepts behind it. After a thorough explanation she told me she had heard about me through my wife, knew what I did. 

But that wasn't the most surprising thing. She said she was surprised by me, that I wasn't as "into tech" as she thought I would be, with a disappointed tone.

"Into tech"? 

I had no idea what she meant by that, so I asked. She replied that I wasn't all that into tech. I liked the gadgets and messing around with stuff, but I didn't know how any of it worked, not in an y real way. No coding or software development expereince...

I merely nodded at this and said I was sorry to disappoint. She talked about HTML, scripting, PPC, AdSense, etc... I really had no idea. And the conversation faded into the night.

Looking back on that conversation, I realize that whoever talked me up to her must have filled her with excitement that there was someone else in the group who she could talk geek with. True geek. Everybody else was in academia.

Now, for some odd reason, that conversation echoed through my head for weeks. Something was missing now. I realized that it had been missing for a while, but it had been forgotten with time. She had shone a light on the empty space. Now that I knew it was missing...

It itched.



This is one thing that I dwelled upon during the hours and hours behind the wheel, driving across the US.



PS: Montana is forever-long.
